feat(curriculum): add football player card tsx project (#67076)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-build-a-football-player-card-builder/69e8b295388ebbd517692bb8.md

---
id: 69e8b295388ebbd517692bb8
title: Step 9
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-9
---

# --description--

> Below the `div` element with the class name `card-tier-badge`, add a `div` with class name `card-club` and the text `Santos FC`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below the `div` element with the `className` of `card-tier-badge`, add a `div` with the `className` of `card-club` and the text `Santos FC`.
```

# --hints--

> You should add a `div` with the class name `card-club` below `.card-tier-badge`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should add a `div` with the `className` of `card-club` below `.card-tier-badge`.
```
